Tag line proposal (#7045)
knative/eventing: README.md

[![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/%23eventing-white.svg?logo=slack&color=522a5e)](https://knative.slack.com/archives/C9JP909F0)
[![CII Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/5913/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/5913)

> ## What is Knative Eventing?

Reviewer: Is it worth mentioning in here that Eventing can be used separately from Serving/that producers and consumers don't need to be a Knative service?

Author: Do we say that they are requiring Knative service?

Or do you mean, we should explictly say, something like "works without serving, but also with" ?
(where the focus on the does NOT require serving is?)

Reviewer: I think the second, maybe something like "event producers and consumers can be knative services, or can also work without knative serving with traditional applications". WDYT?

> Knative Eventing is a collection of APIs that enable you to use an [event-driven architecture](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Event-driven_architecture){target=_blank} with your applications. You can use these APIs to create components that route events from event producers to event consumers, known as sinks, that receive events. Sinks can also be configured to respond to HTTP requests by sending a response event.

Reviewer: It looks like the `{target=_blank}` isn't working properly with however github renders markdown

Author: ok, that text is copy/paste from the website. So, that functionality maybe not working on MD/Github :smile:

> Knative Eventing uses standard HTTP POST requests to send and receive events between event producers and sinks. These events conform to the [CloudEvents specifications](https://cloudevents.io/){target=_blank}, which enables creating, parsing, sending, and receiving events in any programming language.

Reviewer: Again, looks like `{target=_blank}` isn't working

Knative Eventing does not _require_ the use of Knative Serving, but it can be used for serverless workload. However, Knative Eventing works _perfect_ with standard Kubernetes Services as well.

Knative Eventing uses standard HTTP POST requests to send and receive events between event producers and sinks. These events conform to the [CloudEvents specifications](https://cloudevents.io/), which enables creating, parsing, sending, and receiving events in any programming language.

Knative Eventing components are loosely coupled, and can be developed and deployed independently of each other. Any producer can generate events before there are active event consumers that are listening for those events. Any event consumer can express interest in a class of events before there are producers that are creating those events.

## What to expect here?

> This repository contains a work-in-progress eventing system that is designed to

Author: oh, yes!

[![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/%23eventing-white.svg?logo=slack&color=522a5e)](https://knative.slack.com/archives/C9JP909F0)
[![CII Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/5913/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/5913)

## What is Knative Eventing?

Knative Eventing is a collection of APIs that enable you to use an [event-driven architecture](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Event-driven_architecture) with your applications. You can use these APIs to create components that route events from event producers to event consumers, known as sinks, that receive events. Sinks can also be configured to respond to HTTP requests by sending a response event.

> Knative Eventing is a standalone component that provides support for various types of workloads, including standard Kubernetes Services and Knative Serving Services.

Reviewer 2: Is this "component" the same as the "components" above ? I don't think so I think you should avoid this here. Maybe use "platform" instead ?

> Knative Eventing does not _require_ the use of Knative Serving, but it can be used for serverless workload. However, Knative Eventing works _perfect_ with standard Kubernetes Services as well.

Reviewer 3: Maybe rephrase to "Knative Eventing is a standalone component that supports EDA for any type of workload eg. K8s raw deployments, Knative Services etc. No restriction is imposed on what you can connect together via events."

Reviewer 4: +1

Author: good points in there. I have updated it

> Knative Eventing uses standard HTTP POST requests to send and receive events between event producers and sinks. These events conform to the [CloudEvents specifications](https://cloudevents.io/), which enables creating, parsing, sending, and receiving events in any programming language.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Knative Eventing uses standard HTTP requests to route events from sources to sinks, following the rules set by the [CloudEvents specification](https://cloudevents.io/). This is a standard set up by the CNCF that has wide support for many programming languages, making it easy to create, understand, send, and receive events.
```

> Knative Eventing components are loosely coupled, and can be developed and deployed independently of each other. Any producer can generate events before there are active event consumers that are listening for those events. Any event consumer can express interest in a class of events before there are producers that are creating those events.

Reviewer 2: use "source" and "sinks" instead of "producer" and "consumers" ? Regardless what, we should settle on one pair of terminology.

Author: updated
